And the program
Oh, where's all this flower?
And in letters, what does this say?
Love you baby
These are all the fish I prepared for you.
It's not my brother hiding the fish.
This is Master Tang, right?
God, Don's so romantic.
Hey, Surprise.
The young man was not surprised.
No surprise.
How's my drone and fireworks?
I can't stand your grandmother's leg.
Ah.
Van Street
Thank you.
I love the surprise you have prepared for me.
Uh, you can if you like.
Where's my beard?
The original Tang Yu you still did not appear
Just to prepare this gift for me.
Thank you very much.
I'm very happy today.
What to do?
Master, I'm afraid I'm going to die.
They're sugar.
Did you do this?
Dust, you let go that's right.
All these things are the young master we prepared for Miss Su.